
Topic Chosen: Dead programs tell no lies
	I chose this topic mainly because I like the name. It also has something to do with how it talked about catch and release being for fish. While I agree with the topic for the most part, I don't wholly agree with the claims it makes about what one should do. At the very least, I don't agree with how they explained when to use exception handling and when not to.
	This topic is about handling errors and coding defensively. Coding defensively means coding with the mindset of anticipating when your code will fail, rather than assuming it will never fail. The topic also covers that when your code fails, it is best to fail as early as possible.
	The secondary article I found does address exceptions in a way that I prefer. A consensus that can be found in the article is that it is a bad idea to try-catch every function. Some users advised on when to use exception handling. 
	A job I previously worked at also had this requirement, which the article shares. There are both benefits and drawbacks to doing exception catching all over. At the same time, it did slow things down by very tiny amounts, yes. In the end, it was also beneficial because I could add data to the exception and then roll it up further. This allowed me to see the exact state of the particular function that errored and figure out why it errored. My old boss also has issues understanding how to read the stack trace of error logs. Also, depending on your settings, you may not see line numbers indicating where the code errored in the stack trace. Instead, all you get is the function that errored and the error message. So having try-catch on every function helped. At that point in time, we were able to save as much data as possible about the exception and then fail out of the current process as quickly as possible.

Why. (2011, August 2). Software Engineering Stack Exchange. Software Engineering Stack Exchange. https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/97874/why-should-i-write-all-the-statements-within-try-catch